Maria Bonikou
You did try at least. Better than him there the whisper.
Wolverine! Come and help us! I've never been Christmas again, never with you.
You could sing the male part in the "triangle carols".
Cyclops ... is ... facing a problem.
Oh! But why ;
Come on ! Do not worry about me sweet!
They do not like the celebrations to the old - Logan.
I never had a star like this!
These are your first Christmas with us and we want you to be special.
You did it already.
The storm and I will go to the city for shopping. Come with us !
Come on, come on! For me !
Well, do not you like it at all?
So far I have never bought gifts for friends ever. It's very nice !
Thank you for coming with me, Walter! You say I got, enough?
Do I have to take a few things for the Christmas dinner?
You know, it's the first time I do Christmas, along with some like a family
I'm not sure what to do ...
Come on, now, Welsh ... Christmas we have, have fun a bit.
Will it take us a long time?
In an hour, we have Christmas dinner. Others will worry about us.
This is your Christmas dinner?
Well, how do these people live? They have nothing.
So, our glorious leader decided to visit us after so long.
Is this a Christmas visit?
Or did you come to see a Morclock suffer?
This is your right, but for us you have never been a leader.
Here you go. So it started.
What is ; What happens ; Why are you sitting here, like an iceberg over there?
Why do not you get him to do something?
It had to be better now. Why did not he succeed?
Tell us quickly. Will he eventually live?
Then he tried something else! It is assumed that you are a doctor.
Will he not survive?
Leeds ... No! No, it can not !
Not today ! It's Christmas Eve!
Wolfgang ... Please ... You know, you can cure yourself.
Can not help Leeds?
You have to try Walter! You always help someone in need.
Do you believe Marianna miracles at all?
Perhaps, perhaps a little to see one.
(Relief) Marianna is good! Are well !
As the Morclock leader, I openly invite all of the He-Men
to honor us with their presence at the Christmas dinner.
I'm even leaving professors.
Data is out of balance. Our world is under siege.
No ! What martyrdom is this?
No . Please . Get out!
It was no dream at all. Shadow King has come into our minds.
Logan, what's wrong with you? Tell us..
Professors ... Professors we need your help.
The struggles and all our struggles are now past, now Charles.
Head the forest is full of traps! Look...
Jenny seemed upset when she left for this I followed her ... I found this.
Oh my little one ... I hope to follow the right way to get you home.
But is not there a way to tell me that?
Be brave now. I promise to take you to your mother in every way.
Oh, the sun is starting to go ...
It will begin to darken soon. Winnipeg will be nervous.
I know he'll put my voices anyway.
I'm better on my own.
All of them have probably forgotten me.
Oh, I'm all alone ... No one wants me ...
You are my one and only friend.
What happens ; Where are you going ;
Oh! It's your mother, the one who yells at you.
Okay, go back to your mom but watch this time, right?
Watch the traps, okay? Goodbye and watch them.
Aaaaa !!
Where am I ;
I guess I must have fallen, quite high up.
You stayed ... To watch me, eh? Correctly ;
Oh, I knew you would not leave me! You are the only true friend I have!
Haha, you came back! So you did not do it to me!
What's up ;
Robben, Will! Winnipeg, Marion, Tac! Did you all come for me?
Oh, at last! Leti, tell me, what are you doing here?
What did you rehearse?
Of course! Do not be afraid that you are beautiful!
Not anymore . Look Lady, you're dazzling.
There is no return.
What matters now is that you are a woman who loves ...
And he loves Leth ...
Your new louk just reflects your inner change.
Guillermo ... I'm very pleased to find you.
Yes, something terrible has happened.
No no no . This is not Natalia.
Mild . I think it crazed! I told you that this was going to happen.
Please take the little one with you. You are the only one left to her.
Yes? Staying quiet? Okay ;
Pia sent them to an institution!
(They went) To the road ... If you find them, get them!
Pia, crazy my child! Run fast, please! Save the children!
Why ... (Hitting) Open me the door.
Open me, the door, right now! Open me!
What are you doing ; What smell is this?
Paraffin oil !! Here, open me!
Open the door ! For the name of God!
Why, open me, my child, oh !!
Open me, Pia!
Do not make my child madness ...
Think, Natalia! Do not do, no stupidity!
Too bad, these witches stole the "book of life".
Where will we now write our memories?
Where is Maria ; Was not he with you?
Where is Mary, children?
Dear Dad,
I want to tell you that here we are not doing well.
They even tried to get my cars ...
But I do not care.
Because I know, it's better to have friends than cars.
Friends, it's with you when you're afraid.
You can do, bitch with them.
And if you hungry, they give you half their apple.
Even if they have nothing else.
Oh, that's why I'm happy! And another dad ...
I wanted to tell you that although many things went wrong for us
I never drank my bed. I probably grew up!
I hope to meet again soon ...
I love you a lot ... Agustin.
Not Sebastien, it's definitely good. I'm sure ! It's good for you.
Agustin is right.
I know her Maria. He will fight to turn again, near us.